http://twitter.com/#!/SenShelbyPress,Senator Richard Shelby
http://twitter.com/#!/SenatorSessions,Senator Jeff Sessions 
http://twitter.com/#!/repjobonner,Representative Jo Bonner 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepMarthaRoby,Representative Martha Roby 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepMikeRogersAL,Representative Mike Rogers 
http://twitter.com/#!/robert_aderholt,Representative Robert B. Aderholt
http://twitter.com/#!/RepMoBrooks,Representative Mo Brooks
http://twitter.com/#!/bachusal06,Representative Spencer Bachus 
http://www.twitter.com/lisamurkowski,Senator Lisa Murkowski &nbsp;
http://twitter.com/#!/SenatorBegich,Senator Mark Begich
http://twitter.com/#!/repdonyoung,Representative Don Young
http://www.twitter.com/SenJohnMcCain,Senator John McCain
http://twitter.com/#!/senjonkyl,Senator Jon Kyl 
http://twitter.com/#!/repgosar,Representative Paul A. Gosar
http://twitter.com/#!/RepTrentFranks,Representative Trent Franks 
http://www.twitter.com/benquayle,Representative Ben Quayle 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepDavid,Representative David Schweikert 
http://twitter.com/#!/JeffFlake,Representative Jeff Flake 
http://www.twitter.com/RepRaulGrijalva,Representative Raul M. Grijalva 
http://twitter.com/#!/Rep_Giffords,Representative Gabrielle Giffords 
http://twitter.com/#!/JohnBoozman,Senator John Boozman 
http://twitter.com/#!/reprickcrawford,Representative Rick Crawford 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepTimGriffin,Representative Tim Griffin 
http://www.twitter.com/rep_stevewomack,Representative Steve Womack 
http://www.twitter.com/repmikeross,Representative Mike Ross
http://twitter.com/#!/SenatorBoxer,Senator Barbara Boxer 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepMcClintock,Representative Tom McClintock 
http://www.twitter.com/dorismatsui,Representative Doris Matsui 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepLynnWoolsey,Representative Lynn Woolsey 
http://www.twitter.com/askgeorge,Representative George Miller 
http://twitter.com/#!/NancyPelosi,Representative Nancy Pelosi
http://twitter.com/#!/RepGaramendi,Representative John Garamendi 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepSpeier,Representative Jackie Speier
http://www.twitter.com/RepAnnaEshoo,Representative Anna G. Eshoo 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepMikeHonda,Representative Mike Honda 
http://twitter.com/#!/repsamfarr,Representative Sam Farr
http://www.twitter.com/RepCardoza,Representative Dennis Cardoza 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepJeffDenham,Representative Jeff Denham 
http://twitter.com/#!/GOPWhip,Representative Kevin McCarthy 
http://twitter.com/#!/eltongallegly24,Representative Elton Gallegly 
http://www.twitter.com/BuckMcKeon,Representative Howard P. (Buck) McKeon 
http://twitter.com/#!/bradsherman,Representative Brad Sherman 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepAdamSchiff,Representative Adam Schiff 
http://twitter.com/#!/repbecerra,Representative Xavier Becerra 
http://www.twitter.com/RepKarenBass,Representative Karen Bass
http://www.twitter.com/replrichardson,Representative Maxine Waters
http://www.twitter.com/replrichardson,Representative Laura Richardson 
http://www.twitter.com/gracenapolitano,Representative Grace Napolitano
http://twitter.com/#!/RepEdRoyce,Representative Ed Royce 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepJerryLewis,Representative Jerry Lewis 
http://twitter.com/#!/repgarymiller,Representative Gary Miller 
http://www.twitter.com/BacaCA43,Representative Joe Baca 
http://twitter.com/#!/kencalvert,Representative Ken Calvert 
http://www.twitter.com/MaryBonoMack,Representative Mary Bono Mack 
http://twitter.com/#!/DanaRohrabacher,Representative Dana Rohrabacher
http://twitter.com/#!/RepJohnCampbell,Representative John Campbell
http://twitter.com/#!/DarrellIssa,Representative Darrell Issa
http://twitter.com/#!/BilbrayCA50,Representative Brian P. Bilbray 
http://www.twitter.com/CongBobFilner,Representative Bob Filner 
http://www.twitter.com/MarkUdall,Senator Mark Udall
http://twitter.com/#!/SenBennetCO,Senator Michael Bennet
http://www.twitter.com/RepDianaDeGette,Representative Diana DeGette
http://www.twitter.com/jaredpolis,Representative Jared Polis
http://www.twitter.com/reptipton,Representative Scott R. Tipton
http://twitter.com/#!/repcorygardner,Representative Cory Gardner 
http://www.twitter.com/repmikecoffman,Representative Mike Coffman
http://www.twitter.com/RepPerlmutter,Representative Ed Perlmutter
http://www.twitter.com/joelieberman,Senator Joe Lieberman 
https://twitter.com/#!/SenBlumenthal,Senator Richard Blumenthal 
https://twitter.com/#!/RepJohnLarson,Representative John Larson
http://twitter.com/#!/rosadelauro,Representative Rosa L. DeLauro
http://twitter.com/#!/jahimes,Representative Jim Himes 
http://twitter.com/#!/chrismurphyct,Representative Chris Murphy 
http://twitter.com/#!/senatorcarper,Senator Tom Carper 
http://twitter.com/#!/chriscoons,Senator Christopher Coons
http://twitter.com/#!/johncarneyde,Representative John Carney
http://twitter.com/#!/eleanornorton,Delegate Eleanor Holmes Norton
http://twitter.com/#!/SenBillNelson,Senator Bill Nelson
http://twitter.com/#!/SenRubioPress,Senator Marco Rubio
http://twitter.com/#!/congjeffmiller,Representative Jeff Miller
http://twitter.com/#!/Rep_Southerland,Representative Steve Southerland
https://twitter.com/#!/RepCorrineBrown,Representative Corrine Brown
http://twitter.com/#!/repsandyadams,Representative Sandy Adams
http://twitter.com/#!/andercrenshaw,Representative Ander Crenshaw
http://twitter.com/#!/RepRichNugent,Representative Richard Nugent
http://www.twitter.com/repcliffstearns,Representative Cliff Stearns
http://www.twitter.com/RepWebster,Representative Daniel Webster
http://www.twitter.com/RepGusBilirakis,Representative Gus M. Bilirakis 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepDennisRoss,Representative Dennis Ross 
http://twitter.com/#!/VernBuchanan,Representative Vern Buchanan
http://twitter.com/#!/ConnieMackIV,Representative Connie Mack 
http://twitter.com/#!/congbillposey,Representative Bill Posey 
http://twitter.com/#!/TomRooney,Representative Thomas J. Rooney 
http://twitter.com/#!/RosLehtinen,Representative Ileana Ros-Lehtinen 
http://twitter.com/#!/repteddeutch,Representative Ted Deutch 
http://twitter.com/#!/mariodb,Representative Mario Diaz-Balart 
http://www.twitter.com/AllenWest,Representative Allen West 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepRivera,Representative David Rivera 
http://twitter.com/#!/saxby08,Senator Saxby Chambliss 
http://twitter.com/#!/SenatorIsakson,Senator Johnny Isakson 
http://www.twitter.com/JackKingston,Representative Jack Kingston 
http://twitter.com/#!/sanfordbishop,Representative Sanford D. Bishop, Jr. 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepWestmoreland,Representative Lynn Westmoreland 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepHankJohnson,Representative Hank Johnson 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepTomPrice,Representative Tom Price 
http://twitter.com/#!/AustinScottGA08,Representative Austin Scott 
http://twitter.com/#!/reptomgraves,Representative Tom Grav
http://twitter.com/#!/RepPaulBrounMD,Representative Paul C. Broun 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepPhilGingrey,Representative Phil Gingrey 
http://twitter.com/#!/repjohnbarrow,Representative John Barrow
http://twitter.com/#!/RepDavidScott,Representative David Scott 
http://twitter.com/#!/Daniel_Inouye,Senator Dan Inouye 
http://www.twitter.com/danakaka,Senator Daniel Kahikina Akaka 
http://www.twitter.com/@rephanabusa,Representative Colleen Hanabusa
http://www.twitter.com/maziehirono,Representative Mazie Hirono 
http://twitter.com/#!/labrador4idaho,Representative Raul Labrador
http://twitter.com/#!/mikesimpson4id,Representative Mike Simpson
http://twitter.com/#!/SenatorDurbin,Senator Dick Durbin 
http://www.twitter.com/SENATORKIRK,Senator Mark Kirk 
http://www.twitter.com/JacksonJrOnline,Representative Jesse L. Jackson, Jr. 
http://www.twitter.com/repgutierrez,Representative Luis V. Gutierrez 
http://www.twitter.com/RepMikeQuigley,Representative Mike Quigley
http://www.twitter.com/PeterRoskam,Representative Peter Roskam 
http://www.twitter.com/DannyKDavis,Representative Danny K. Davis
http://www.twitter.com/RepJoeWalsh,Representative Joe Walsh
http://www.twitter.com/janschakowsky,Representative Janice Schakowsky 
http://www.twitter.com/repdold,Representative Robert J. Dold
http://www.twitter.com/repkinzinger,Representative Adam Kinzinger 
http://www.twitter.com/jerrycostello,Representative Jerry F. Costello 
http://www.twitter.com/JudyBiggert,Representative Judy Biggert 
http://www.twitter.com/rephultgren,Representative Randy Hultgren
http://www.twitter.com/donmanzullo,Representative Don Manzullo 
http://www.twitter.com/RepSchilling,Representative Bobby Schilling 
http://www.twitter.com/repaaronschock,Representative Aaron Schock
http://www.twitter.com/RepShimkus,Representative John Shimkus
http://www.twitter.com/senatorlugar,Senator Richard G. Lugar 
http://www.twitter.com/SenDanCoats,Senator Dan Coats 
http://www.twitter.com/repvisclosky,Representative Peter J. Visclosky 
http://www.twitter.com/RepDonnelly#,Representative Joe Donnelly 
http://www.twitter.com/toddrokita,Representative Todd Rokita 
http://www.twitter.com/RepDanBurton,Representative Dan Burton
http://www.twitter.com/RepMikePence,Representative Mike Pence
http://www.twitter.com/repandrecarson,Representative Andre Carson 
http://www.twitter.com/RepLarryBucshon,Representative Larry Bucshon
http://www.twitter.com/RepToddYoung,Representative Todd Young
http://www.twitter.com/ChuckGrassley,Senator Chuck Grassley
http://www.twitter.com/SenatorHarkin,Senator Tom Harkin 
http://twitter.com/#!/BruceBraley,Representative Bruce Braley
http://www.twitter.com/LeonardBoswell,Representative Leonard L. Boswell 
http://www.twitter.com/TomLatham,Representative Tom Latham
http://www.twitter.com/SteveKingIA,Representative Steve King 
http://www.twitter.com/senpatroberts,Senator Pat Roberts 
http://twitter.com/#!/moranforkansas,Senator Jerry Moran
http://www.twitter.com/conghuelskamp,Representative Tim Huelskamp
http://www.twitter.com/replynnjenkins,Representative Lynn Jenkins 
http://www.twitter.com/kevinyoder,Representative Kevin Yoder
http://www.twitter.com/repmikepompeo,Representative Mike Pompeo
http://twitter.com/#!/SenRandPaul,Senator Rand Paul 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepGeoffDavis,Representative Geoff Davis
http://twitter.com/#!/RepEdWhitfield,
http://www.twitter.com/DavidVitter,Senator David Vitter
http://www.twitter.com/repjefflandry,Representative Jeff Landry
http://www.twitter.com/RepFleming,Representative John Fleming
http://www.twitter.com/USRepAlexander,Representative Rodney Alexander 
http://www.twitter.com/drcassidy,Representative Bill Cassidy 
http://www.twitter.com/Repboustany,Representative Charles W. Boustany, Jr. 
http://www.twitter.com/senatorsnowe,Senator Olympia J. Snowe
http://www.twitter.com/senatorcollins,Senator Susan Collins 
http://www.twitter.com/chelliepingree,Representative Chellie Pingree 
http://www.twitter.com/RepMikeMichaud,Representative Mike Michaud
http://twitter.com/#!/senatorbarb,Senator Barbara Mikulski 
http://www.twitter.com/senatorcardin,Senator Benjamin L. Cardin 
http://www.twitter.com/WhipHoyer,Representative Steny Hoyer
http://www.twitter.com/JohnKerry,Senator John Kerry 
http://www.twitter.com/ussenscottbrown,Senator Scott Brown 
http://www.twitter.com/repmcgovern,Representative Jim McGovern 
http://www.twitter.com/nikiinthehouse,Representative Niki Tsongas
http://www.twitter.com/stabenow,Senator Debbie Stabenow 
http://twitter.com/#!/SenCarlLevin,Senator Carl Levin
http://www.twitter.com/congressmandan,Representative Dan Benishek 
http://www.twitter.com/RepHuizenga,Representative Bill Huizenga 
http://www.twitter.com/repjustinamash,Representative Justin Amash 
http://www.twitter.com/RepDaveCamp,Representative Dave Camp 
http://www.twitter.com/RepWalberg,Representative Tim Walberg 
http://www.twitter.com/RepGaryPeters#,Representative Gary Peters 
http://www.twitter.com/CandiceMiller,Representative Candice Miller 
http://www.twitter.com/ThadMcCotter,Representative Thaddeus McCotter 
http://www.twitter.com/repsandylevin,Representative Sandy Levin
http://www.twitter.com/HansenClarke,Representative Hansen Clarke 
http://www.twitter.com/repjohnconyers,Representative John Conyers, Jr. 
http://twitter.com/#!/john_dingell,Representative John Dingell
http://twitter.com/#!/DaleKildee,Representative Dale E. Kildee
http://twitter.com/#!/RepFredUpton/,Representative Fred Upton
http://www.twitter.com/AlFranken,Senator Al Franken
http://www.twitter.com/repjohnkline,Representative John Kline
http://www.twitter.com/RepErikPaulsen,Representative Erik Paulsen 
http://www.twitter.com/keithellison,Representative Keith Ellison 
http://www.twitter.com/MicheleBachmann,Representative Michele Bachmann
http://www.twitter.com/chipcravaack,Representative Chip Cravaack
http://www.twitter.com/rogerwicker,Senator Roger Wicker
http://www.twitter.com/RepAlanNunnelee,Representative Alan Nunnelee
http://www.twitter.com/GreggHarper,Representative Gregg Harper 
http://www.twitter.com/congpalazzo,Representative Steven Palazzo 
http://www.twitter.com/clairecmc,Senator Claire McCaskill
http://www.twitter.com/RoyBlunt,Senator Roy Blunt 
http://twitter.com/#!/ToddAkin,Representative Todd W. Akin 
http://www.twitter.com/RepCarnahan,Representative Russ Carnahan 
http://www.twitter.com/auctnr1,Representative Billy Long 
http://twitter.com/jontester,Senator Jon TesterRepresentative Dennis Rehberg 
http://twitter.com/#!/SenBenNelson,Senator Ben Nelson 
http://twitter.com/#!/Mike_Johanns,Senator Mike Johanns 
http://twitter.com/#!/JeffFortenberry,Representative Jeff Fortenberry 
http://twitter.com/#!/leeterryne,Representative Lee Terry 
http://twitter.com/#!/SenatorReid,Senator Harry Reid
http://www.twitter.com/DeanHeller,Senator Dean Heller
http://twitter.com/#!/Repberkley,Representative Shelley Berkley 
http://www.twitter.com/RepJoeHeck,Representative Joe Heck 
http://twitter.com/#!/JeanneShaheen,Senator Jeanne Shaheen
https://twitter.com/#!/SenatorAyotte,Senator Kelly Ayotte 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepFrankGuinta,Representative Frank C. Guinta 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepCharlesBass,Representative Charles F. (Charlie) Bass 
http://twitter.com/#!/franklautenberg,Senator Frank R. Lautenberg
http://www.twitter.com/senatormenendez,Senator Robert Menendez 
http://www.twitter.com/RepLoBiondo,Representative Frank A. LoBiondo 
http://twitter.com/#!/Runyan2010,Representative Jon Runyan 
http://twitter.com/#!/FrankPallone,Representative Frank Pallone, Jr. 
http://twitter.com/#!/rushholt,Representative Rush Holt
http://twitter.com/#!/BillPascrell,Representative Albio Sires Representative Bill Pascrell, Jr.
http://twitter.com/#!/tomudall,Senator Tom Udall 
http://twitter.com/Heinrich4NM,Representative Martin Heinrich
http://twitter.com/#!/repstevepearce,Representative Steve Pearce 
http://twitter.com/#!/repbenraylujan,Representative Ben Ray Lujan 
http://twitter.com/#!/ChuckSchumer,Senator Charles E. (Chuck) Schumer
http://twitter.com/#!/sengillibrand,Senator Kirsten Gillibrand 
http://www.twitter.com/RepSteveIsrael,Representative Steve Israel
http://twitter.com/#!/reppeteking,Representative Pete King 
http://www.twitter.com/repmccarthyny,Representative Carolyn McCarthy 
http://twitter.com/#!/GregoryMeeks,Representative Gregory W. Meeks
http://www.twitter.com/cbrangel,Representative Charles B. Rangel 
http://twitter.com/#!/repjoseserrano,Representative Jose E. Serrano 
http://twitter.com/#!/NitaLowey,Representative Nita M. Lowey 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepNanHayworth,Representative Nan A. S. Hayworth 
http://twitter.com/#!/repchrisgibson,Representative Chris Gibson 
http://twitter.com/#!/paultonko,Representative Paul D. Tonko 
http://twitter.com/#!/mauricehinchey,Representative Maurice D. Hinchey 
http://twitter.com/#!/BillOwensNY,Representative Bill Owens
http://www.twitter.com/reprichardhanna,Representative Richard L. Hanna
http://twitter.com/#!/RepBuerkle,Representative Ann Marie Buerkle 
http://twitter.com/#!/louiseslaughter,Representative Louise M. Slaughter 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepTomReed,Representative Tom Reed 
http://twitter.com/#!/repbrianhiggins,Representative Brian Higgins
http://twitter.com/#!/SenatorBurr,Senator Richard Burr
http://twitter.com/#!/SenatorHagan,Senator Kay Hagan
http://twitter.com/#!/RepReneeEllmers,Representative Renee L. Ellmers
http://twitter.com/#!/RepWalterJones,Representative Walter B. Jones, Jr.
http://twitter.com/#!/virginiafoxx,Representative Virginia Foxx 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepMikeMcIntyre,Representative Mike McIntyre 
http://www.twitter.com/SueMyrick,Representative Sue Myrick 
http://www.twitter.com/PatrickMcHenry,Representative Patrick McHenry
http://twitter.com/#!/RepBradMiller,Representative Brad Miller 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepRickBerg,Representative Rick Berg 
http://www.twitter.com/sensherrodbrown,Senator Sherrod Brown 
http://twitter.com/#!/robportman,Senator Rob Portman
http://www.twitter.com/repstevechabot,Representative Steve Chabot
http://twitter.com/#!/RepMikeTurner,Representative Michael R. Turner 
http://www.twitter.com/Jim_Jordan,Representative Jim Jordan 
http://twitter.com/#!/boblatta,Representative Bob Latta 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepBillJohnson,Representative Bill Johnson 
http://twitter.com/#!/SteveAustria,Representative Steve Austria 
http://twitter.com/#!/SpeakerBoehner,Representative John A. Boehner 
http://twitter.com/#!/Dennis_Kucinich,Representative Dennis J. Kucinich 
http://www.twitter.com/mlfudge,Representative Marcia L. Fudge 
http://twitter.com/#!/SteveLaTourette,Representative Steven C. LaTourette
http://twitter.com/#!/RepSteveStivers,Representative Steve Stivers
http://twitter.com/#!/repjimrenacci,Representative James B. Renacci
http://twitter.com/#!/repbobgibbs,Representative Tim Ryan
http://twitter.com/#!/repbobgibbs,Representative Bob Gibbs 
http://twitter.com/#!/jiminhofe,Senator James M. Inhofe
http://www.twitter.com/TomCoburn,Senator Tom Coburn 
http://twitter.com/#!/USRepSullivan,Representative John Sullivan 
http://twitter.com/#!/replankford,Representative James Lankford 
http://twitter.com/#!/ronwyden,Senator Ron Wyden
http://twitter.com/#!/SenJeffMerkley,Senator Jeff Merkley 
http://twitter.com/#!/repgregwalden,Representive Greg Walden
http://twitter.com/#!/repblumenauer,Representative Earl Bluemenauer
http://twitter.com/#!/repschrader,Representative Kurt Schrader
http://www.twitter.com/SenBobCasey,Senator Robert P. Casey, Jr.
http://twitter.com/#!/SenToomey,Senator Pat Toomey 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepBrady,Representative Robert A. Brady
http://twitter.com/#!/chakafattah,Representative Chaka Fattah 
http://twitter.com/#!/repjasonaltmire,Representative Jason Altmire 
http://twitter.com/#!/CongressmanGT,Representative Glenn (GT) Thompson
http://twitter.com/#!/JimGerlach,Representative Jim Gerlach 
http://twitter.com/#!/repmeehan,Representative Patrick Meehan 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepFitzpatrick,Representative Mike Fitzpatrick 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepBillShuster,Representative Bill Shuster 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepTomMarino,Representative Tom Marino 
http://twitter.com/#!/reploubarletta,Representative Louis J. (Lou) Barletta 
http://www.twitter.com/RepMarkCritz,Representative Mark S. Critz &nbsp;
http://www.twitter.com/USRepMikeDoyle,Representative Mike Doyle 
http://www.twitter.com/dentpressshop,Representative Charlie Dent
http://twitter.com/#!/pedropierluisi,Resident Commissioner Pedro Pierluisi
http://twitter.com/#!/SenWhitehouse,Senator Sheldon Whitehouse 
http://twitter.com/#!/jimlangevin,Representative Jim Langevin 
http://twitter.com/#!/GrahamBlog,Senator Lindsey Graham
http://twitter.com/#!/jimdemint,Senator Jim DeMint 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepTimScott,Representative Tim Scott 
http://twitter.com/#!/CongJoeWilson,Representative Joe Wilson 
http://twitter.com/#!/tgowdysc,Representative Trey Gowdy
http://twitter.com/#!/RepMickMulvaney,Representative Mick Mulvaney
http://twitter.com/#!/Clyburn,Representative James E. Clyburn 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepJeffDuncan,Representative Jeff Duncan
http://twitter.com/#!/SenJohnsonSD,Senator Tim Johnson 
http://twitter.com/#!/johnthune,Senator John Thune
http://twitter.com/#!/RepKristiNoem,Representative Kristi Noem 
https://twitter.com/#!/SenAlexander,Senator Lamar Alexander
http://twitter.com/#!/senbobcorker,Senator Bob Corker 
http://twitter.com/#!/drphilroe,Representative Phil Roe
http://twitter.com/#!/repchuck,Representative Chuck Fleischmann 
http://twitter.com/#!/DesJarlaisTN04,Representative Scott DesJarlais 
http://twitter.com/#!/repjimcooper,Representative Jim Cooper 
http://twitter.com/#!/dianeblacktn06,Representative Diane Black 
http://twitter.com/#!/dianeblacktn06,Representative Marsha Blackburn
http://twitter.com/#!/repcohen,Representative Steve Cohen
http://twitter.com/#!/kaybaileyhutch,Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison 
http://twitter.com/#!/johncornyn,Senator John Cornyn
http://www.twitter.com/replouiegohmert,Representative Louie Gohmert
http://twitter.com/#!/JudgeTedPoe,Representative Ted Poe 
http://www.twitter.com/SamsPressShop,Representative Sam Johnson 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepHensarling,Representative Jeb Hensarling 
http://www.twitter.com/RepJoeBarton,Representative Joe Barton 
http://twitter.com/#!/CongCulberson,Representative John Culberson 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepKevinBrady,Representative Kevin Brady 
http://twitter.com/#!/mccaulpressshop,Representative Michael McCaul 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepKayGranger,Representative Kay Granger
http://twitter.com/#!/repronpaul,Representative Ron Paul
http://www.twitter.com/RepFlores,Representative Bill Flores
http://twitter.com/#!/JacksonLeeTX18,Representative Sheila Jackson Lee
http://twitter.com/#!/randyneugebauer,Representative Randy Neugebauer
http://twitter.com/#!/LamarSmithTX21,Representative Lamar Smith 
http://twitter.com/#!/PeteOlson,Representative Pete Olson 
http://www.twitter.com/RepCanseco,Representative Francisco R. (Quico) Canseco 
http://www.twitter.com/RepKenMarchant,Representative Kenny Marchant
http://www.twitter.com/michaelcburgess,Representative Michael C. Burgess 
http://www.twitter.com/farenthold,Representative Blake Farenthold 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepGeneGreen,Representative Gene Green 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepEBJ,Representative Eddie Bernice Johnson 
http://www.twitter.com/JudgeCarter,Representative John R. Carter 
http://www.twitter.com/petesessions,Representative Pete Sessions 
http://twitter.com/#!/OrrinHatch,Senator Orrin G. Hatch
http://twitter.com/#!/SenMikeLee,Senator Mike Lee 
http://twitter.com/#!/repjimmatheson,Representative Jim Matheson 
http://twitter.com/#!/jasoninthehouse,Representative Jason Chaffetz 
http://twitter.com/#!/SenatorLeahy,Senator Patrick Leahy
http://www.twitter.com/senatorsanders,Senator Bernie Sanders 
http://twitter.com/#!/markwarner,Senator Mark R. Warner 
http://twitter.com/#!/robwittman,Representative Rob Wittman
https://twitter.com/#!/RepScottRigell,Representative Scott Rigell
http://twitter.com/#!/RepBobbyScott,Representative Bobby Scott 
http://twitter.com/#!/Randy_Forbes,Representative Randy Forbes
http://twitter.com/#!/reproberthurt,Representative Robert Hurt 
http://twitter.com/#!/repgoodlatte,Representative Bob Goodlatte
http://twitter.com/#!/EricCantor,Representative Eric Cantor
http://twitter.com/#!/jim_moran,Representative Jim Moran
https://twitter.com/#!/RepMGriffith,Representative Morgan Griffith 
https://twitter.com/#!/GerryConnolly,Representative Gerry Connolly
http://twitter.com/#!/DelegateDonna,Delegate Donna M. Christensen
http://www.twitter.com/RepInsleeNews,Representative Jay Inslee 
http://www.twitter.com/herrerabeutler,Representative Jaime Herrera Beutler 
http://twitter.com/#!/cathymcmorris,Representative Cathy McMorris Rodgers
http://twitter.com/#!/RepNormDicks,Representative Norm Dicks 
http://www.twitter.com/repjimmcdermott,Representative Jim McDermott 
http://twitter.com/#!/davereichert,Representative Dave Reichert 
http://www.twitter.com/rep_adam_smith,Representative Adam Smith 
http://twitter.com/#!/senrockefeller,Senator Jay Rockefeller 
http://twitter.com/#!/Sen_JoeManchin,Senator Joe Manchin 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepMcKinley,Representative David McKinley 
http://twitter.com/#!/SenRonJohnson,Senator Ron Johnson 
http://www.twitter.com/reppaulryan,Representative Paul Ryan 
http://twitter.com/#!/reptammybaldwin,Representative Tammy Baldwin 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepGwenMoore,Representative Gwen Moore 
http://twitter.com/#!/RepSeanDuffy,Representative Sean Duffy 
http://twitter.com/repronkind,Representative Ron Kind
http://twitter.com/repribble,Representative Reid Ribble
http://twitter.com/#!/senjohnbarrasso,Senator John Barrasso 
http://twitter.com/#!/cynthialummis,Representative Cynthia Lummis
